if I had to go from 0 to $330,000 per
month again here is exactly what I would
do step by step if you don't know me my
name is Daniel FAO in the past 3 months
I've made $2 2.42 three million and what
I want to do is walk you through exactly
everything I would do handheld step by
step if I had to go from 0 to $30,000
per month again if you don't know me I
run a software company called list kit
and a coaching company called client
Ascension client Ascension has results
pretty much hundreds of case studies
people reach five figures a month a
whole bunch of this is my business
partner Andre's Channel you can go watch
those if you want to see them and what
we're going to go over is coming up with
an offer getting traffic the sales
process and scaling and if you already
have an offer just skip to number two in
this video there's going to be time
stamps but for people who don't I'm
going to walk you through my idea of
creating an offer and how I think of it
so let's start with the offer I would
only choose a service that actively has
demand and this is the primary issue
where a lot of people will come into and
the reason why their thing never scales
is that they're trying to sell something
that has no demand they come up with
something just completely random with no
proven demand at all and they think it's
going to be the next big thing like the
next Facebook doesn't work like that you
need to sell something that already
sells that already has demand you see
what I mean let's walk through just some
examples copywriting email marketing
LinkedIn ghost writing plus leg gen
YouTube scripting editing ideating ugc
static ad creatives so I would not
choose something like ads because ads
require the prospect spends
substantially more money and unless you
have case studies or proof of Prior
expertise it will be considerably more
more difficult to get them to purchase
this from you cold prospects will not be
comfortable with the idea paying you
money on top of needing to spend
thousands of dollars on ads right you
have no Authority so people are not
going to spend substantially more money
with you if I did have case studies and
expertise which I personally do but you
might not at this exact moment I would
be doing done for you ad writing funnel
creation and media buying for $10,000
per month plus 10% rev share but unless
you have expertise and results like me
where I've already spent millions of
dollars on ads and made millions of
nobody is buying that from you so we'll
skip past that for now for this video
we're going to focus on the example of
using LinkedIn ghost riding plus lead
generation let's map this offer out the
deliverables will include writing five
long form posts weekly for the client
designing the post to lead into their
offer and generate demand for their
offer meaning you need to learn direct
response copyrighting designing images
and PDFs for some of the posts inside
canva to increase reach responding to
the comments on all their posts and
accepting connection requests and man in
their DMS to set sales appointments
right pricing I will start this out at
$1,500 per month with plans to increase
to $2,500 per month gradually as we sign
clients and get case studies let me walk
through the logic as to why I chose this
exact pricing so $1,500 is not a lot of
money it's a psychologically easy number
to look past it's also a high enough
number to Warrant actually being
meaningful for yourself so it's it's not
a lot of money for a person running a
business and it's enough to be a lot for
you you see what I mean it's a perfect
sweet spot to operate right in the
beginning so as you begin charging
prices in the $2,000 to $3,000 per month
range the amount of proof and
deliverables you must provide
exponentially increases you see what I
mean so this is a problem so 1,500 is
still an impulse purchase range it won't
require too much thinking for the
prospect which will make our sales
process easier later on you see what it
mean it's a really good price point to
start at and because we're just starting
out we can't afford to have longer sales
processes we need the cash rolling in to
get the scaling process started as soon
as possible there's a really good price
for beginners to start at 1,00 is a
really good price all right cool let's
talk about getting traffic because we
don't have any client case studies and
because you don't have any past
alkalides or achievements to lean on the
only thing of value we have to give is
our labor you see what I mean by this so
we will be using service-based lead
magnets to get clients let's compar this
to standard lead magnet is when you
create some asset and give it away for
free so for instance something like a
guide on how to get leads on LinkedIn
but because again you don't have any
case studies or results nobody cares
what you have have to say about LinkedIn
thus rendering any lead magnet you
create not valuable because you don't
have any achievement under your Bel
anything you say is just by Nature not
valuable at all the only thing you have
a value right now is your labor that's
fine we're going to exploit that to the
maximum Effectiveness so instead we must
create them the only thing of value you
do have which is labor you see what I
mean so a service-based league magnet is
where you give somebody a free piece of
work the purpose of this is for them to
use that free piece of work see that it
works thus leading them to want more of
it so that they continue to get those
results you see what I mean so you will
be writing free LinkedIn posts for
people let's walk through a financial
model of this so this is the
service-based lead mat so this the link
to this sheet will be in the description
if you want to play with this yourself
you need to go to file make a copy don't
request to edit the sheet make a copy
and then it's your own sheet you see
what I mean so free work directory M
let's walk through this it it cost a
labor or money to create a free piece of
work right let's say it costs 30 minutes
for you to make a free piece of work and
we'll assume you're $100 an hour you
aren't actually but we're just going to
use this as an easy number so let's say
let's let's keep this super conservative
of the amount of free pieces of work you
give 15% of those people will book a
call with you on those people who get in
a call 20% of those people will close to
paying you money you're $1,500 per month
your average gross profit margin you
don't have any employees yet we're going
to put this at 90 and then your average
customer is going to stay for 6 months
right which means your turn is going to
be
16.67% and your lifetime gross profit on
a customer is $8,100 so let's map this
out let's say that you're going to do 10
of these a week that would be 40 a month
so your delivery cost is $2,000 of Labor
right now what this would result in is
six calls you'd get six people to
schedule a call with you doing this
which will Le because you close 20% of
those one person would become a client
so your cost per call on your labor
would be $333 your cost to acquire
somebody would be $1,000
667 if you're valuing your time at $100
which means you get a 4.8x return this
is how the cash flow would be modeled
out considering that there will be at
least a 4-we sales cycle what does that
mean it means somebody somebody gets a
free P where they get in a call with you
and they're not going to pay you until
about 4 weeks on average after the call
it's called a salale cycle every single
offer in the planet has a sale cycle so
this is how this works out cash flow
Week 1 - 500 week 2 - 500 week 3- 500
week four you finally closed someone but
you're still delivering the free work in
that so it's subtracted from the 1500 so
it's 11 1120 - 500 minus 500 - 500 2
months later you're at 2740 you see what
I mean why is this important to model it
out like this because everyone will
start doing this and they're going to
quit right here week one 90% of you will
quit on week one so of the remaining 10%
of you 50% of you will quit here right
so now there's only 5% remaining another
50% of you will quit here so now there's
only 2 .5% remaining right so 2.5% of
you who actually commit to doing this
will arrive finally to week four and
make any money at all you see what I
mean this is how this is how this is
distributed right so what does that mean
it means that by month six you're making
$
7,720 a month this is what this would
happen but month one you're making
nothing see what I mean this is very
important to understand that you have to
stick with stuff right okay so let's
keep going so let's walk through some
key performance indicators so this is
what's going to determine whether this
Legion strategy works for you or not if
you write back bad post like you're not
good at writing the service based lead
magnet 5% of people will convert to
paying clients okay post 5 to 10% will
great Post 10 to 30% will you see what I
mean so if it's not working for you it's
highly probable that just what you're
writing isn't good like you're just not
good you're just not good at delivering
results it's important to note that the
strategy of the service based lead
magnets does work you see what I mean
the things that will make it not work is
if the free posts you're giving them are
not good meaning you're not a good
writer you have grammatical errors the
ideas you're conveying are not sight
floor don't make sense the post don't
get any traction right these business
owners will only work with you if they
get results that's the entire purpose of
this so if you can't get them results
then the purpose of paying you is absent
you see what I mean you have to get the
results so if the strategy doesn't work
for you after giving away 20 free pieces
of work then it might be a good idea to
work on getting better at the actual
delivery of the thing because nobody's
going to pay you for stuff that just
isn't good intrinsically you see what it
mean you have to actually become good at
the thing that you're delivering people
if I'm going to go to the store and buy
bananas I buy the ripe bananas that
aren't completely Brown if there's a
bunch of brown bananas I don't care how
cheap I won't even take the brown
bananas for free I in fact I would pay
money to not have to [__] deal with
the brown bananas you see what I mean
like if you're not good you're more of a
Nuance than you are an asset right how
you'll reach the clients so how do you
even get in contact with people to give
them the service based lead baget so
you're going to do you're going to do
this via LinkedIn DMS and emails this is
this is so simple like please do not
overthink this at all send connection
request to people and say hey name I can
write you a free long form LinkedIn
piece to post just accept my connection
request and I'll start writing it right
once they accept your connection start
writing it don't wait for further
permission like they already confirmed
it via accepting the connection request
you see what I mean so you want to make
sure the person is at least relatively
active on LinkedIn and only message
people who appear as if they're running
a successful business because if you're
just targeting people who make zero
money at all and they run an
unsuccessful business and are completely
broke and poor like that's going to your
kpis and results right so the kind of
person that's going to pay $1,500 per
month for LinkedIn post would
necessitate they're making at least
$20,000 a month right if if they're also
just some random beginner trying to get
started it's completely useless for you
to do this they they don't have money to
pay you at all you see what I mean so
you can find these people by identifying
top posters on LinkedIn who get a lot of
traffic go through their comment section
to find people engaging with them open
all the comments up in a new tab sift
through them manually and make sure they
have a website and then ideally they're
posting their own client results or at
least show they're active in social
media and actively pushing traffic right
so connect and message with these people
manually you do not need to automate
this trying to automate this would just
be a waste of your time for now it's
it's it's too much it's useless right ju
just do it manually if you can't get
this to work manually you're definitely
not going to get it to work in an
automated fashion you see what I mean
okay cool so let's walk through sales
process so you will keep a simple Google
sheet of everybody you send connection
request to it'll look like this right so
over here the link to this sheet is also
in the description go to file make a
copy don't request to edit this sheet
file make a copy it's so funny every
every [__] time I do this with the
sheet and I tell people to go file make
a copy there's still some [__] idiot
who requests to edit the sheet I'll get
like 30 edit requests on the sheet it's
actually insane so don't be that person
this is how this works LinkedIn URL what
you would do is you identify the person
that you're going to message copy your
url bar paste it right here and then
when you send the connection request
check this and then if they accept it go
back check this and then when you
deliver them the post check this right
and then now between these two post
delivered and call booked this is where
you're going to be doing followup you
see what I mean and then once they book
a call check this and then between this
and this is that four-week sales cycle
and you're following up with them once
they close check this you see what I
mean it's it's super simple and this is
completely free like I just made this
for you already just file make a copy
and just use this and fill this out to
like get like [__] 300 of these it's
unreasonable that you you do this at a
sufficiently enough and it doesn't work
like like just do it you see what I mean
and we talked about this earlier like
don't stop here don't stop here don't
stop here in fact don't even stop here
go go [__] make 30 grand a month like
do this for a year like you see what I
mean it it's completely possible for you
do to do this like you are intelligent
and capable enough to do this like this
is not some secret Club you have to be
invited to to make money like you're
allowed to do this like you're not an
idiot cool let's talk about sales
cyclist it's important to understand
that some some of these people would
take two to four 4 weeks to close right
so you you might have to send them
multiple follows voice notes selfie
videos maybe even more example posts for
them to do this is completely fine and
normal and operating a sales process for
the for the rest of your life will work
like this for every single offer you
ever run ever right so it might seem
like annoy like oh these people are
taking so long this guy isn't responding
to me I feel like I'm being so annoying
congratulations you're going to do this
literally for the rest of your life
forever like it's okay this is
completely normal right you are not
annoying people by following up you were
simply reminding them okay cool let's
talk about negotiations quick some
people will ask for discounts you should
be open to take these while you're still
in the beginning right so the reason why
is simple you need the maximum amount of
people so that you can generate the
maximum amount of case studies as
quickly as possible just give people the
discounts in the beginning right you're
not valuable yet but you will be
valuable one day but for now you're not
so just just just do it so you are not
in a position of Leverage you have no
social proof behind you therefore if you
try to Strongarm these people it's just
really not going to work out for you
right you need to be gunning for 20
clients as fast as possible let's work
out what it would take to sign 20
clients as fast as possible right so
let's go back over here say you wanted
to sign you want this number to be 20
you say you wanted to do it in a month
so like you get just screw with this
number let's make it 300 there be nine
closes let's make
it 600 that's 18 what about 630 650 you
see what I mean so if you wanted to sign
20 clients in 6 months you would just
take 650 divid by six 108 a month you
need to do 108 of those a month which is
about 25 a week if you could write 25 of
these service based lead magnets for
free a week over 6 months you will
probably close 20 people you will have
20 clients you see what I mean and if
you're charging $1,500 a month you'll be
at 30,000 a month congratulations right
you're you're a business owner now right
cool let's talk about scaling so your
your ability to scale will be determined
upon are you able to get results for
your clients are they happy and do they
stick around and keep paying you right
so if we go back over to this this turn
number this is super important if you
can make that 12 that's insane like the
lifetime gross profit of each person
substantially increases right if this is
not the case then you need to work on
how to write better and get better
results for them right if your clients
are churning too much and they're only
staying for an average of one month then
this is your biggest problem you see
what I mean you're not good at what you
do and unless you solve this you'll
never be able to scale this business if
they are sticking around then this is
how you scale right so step one collect
case studies it's important that you
produce the maximum amount of case
studies with quantifiable results as
much and as frequently as possible this
is it so if I go over here like I just
showed you this this is this is for our
coaching program client entry see how
many people are on here there's 66 of
these right now I think we got like four
more this week we have a trust pilot
with like 155 star reviews like dude
it's so important like this guy got to
$72,000 a month and client you see what
I mean like this is this is very
important each case study should be
created on a document and reveal the
following information how many
impressions are they getting on LinkedIn
how many leads did they get how many
calls did they get how many clients did
they sign you need the numbers you
quantify iable measurable results that
are attributable to you you see what I
mean so all these stats must clearly
show that it's you who is responsible
for these results you might not be able
to get all these numbers for every
client but you need to get the maximum
amount of measurable results as you
possibly can for each person each client
might take three months of service to
turn into a case study so if you want a
lot of case studies you can understand
that this process might take four to six
months you see what I mean it's
completely okay it's completely normal
just keep doing it I promise you we'll
make a lot of money I promise you can do
this you on the other side of the camera
you can do this right step two hire
somebody to help you with fulfillment
you need to find and train somebody to
be as good as you as writing these
LinkedIn posts right you need to design
a hiring funnel that put people through
test to assess their ability don't just
take anybody you need somebody who
already has a base understanding of how
to write you will work alongside this
person and have them watch everything
you're doing for probably 1 to three
hours per day on Zoom for Two Plus weeks
you will give them projects review their
work and tell them how to get better
once they're trained you will start
offloading work on this person right
this is not some like third world like
$3 an hour VA like this is not what this
is you see what I mean okay cool step
three start running ads the previous two
points should be sufficient to get you
around 20K a month over the course of
four to 6 months or so once you've done
this start spending $100 a day on ads to
get people into your funnel right at
this point you have Casa to show and
your prices have probably been raised to
$2,500 a month or so it'll cost you
$2,000 to acquire a new client so month
one of the client you only make $500
months 2 3 4 5 6 78 N9 they all profit
you see what I mean this is how you
scale this is how you scale you stop
spending your time to acquire customers
and you start spending your money
because you have money now you see what
I mean you make your money turn into
more money that's literally what
investing is except you're investing
into your own designed vehicle that you
own you see what I mean this is how this
works all right cool step four build a
sales team your ad budgets will
gradually increase to $2,000 to $1,000 a
day I spend like $6,500 a day on ads
right now there will be tons of sales
calls coming in so you will need to hire
a closer to manage this their full-time
job will just be closing this deals
they'll work entirely un commmission and
Clos deals give them 10 to 15% cash
collected we have a sales team I that's
eight full-time people right now it's
cool so the process of scaling is simply
repeating steps one to four over and
over again literally all you do to scale
is step one step two step three step
four over and over again forever to the
rest of infinity that's it I promise
that's it cool so do you want help doing
this you can sign up for my email list
link is in the description you can join
the coaching program client Ascension
where we'll guide you through all this
process oneon-one that is $10,800 for
one year to be in client ens that's a
client ens.com this is what it looks
like you can watch this video if you
want and then you click this schedule a
call button and you fill out this
application and then you can talk to us
it's $10,800 for one year a whole year
of access right there's payment plans
you can split it up too um or you can
get a one-onone call with me Daniel fa.
it's $1,000 per call or $4,000 a month
unlimited access I don't know I might
remove this at some point leave a
comment if you got questions share I
love you peace bye